Add warnings for consistency check (#8682)
pingcap/docs: tikv-control.md

> **Note:**
>

> > - It is **NOT** recommended to use the `consistency-check` command, because it is not compatible with the TiDB Garbage Collection and may mistakenly report an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - It is **NOT** recommended to use the `consistency-check` command, because it is incompatible with the garbage collection in TiDB and might mistakenly report an error.
```
